{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12200\viewh13520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Popple: A Free 18th Century Cartography Brush Set for Fantasy Maps\
Version 2.0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - \
ABOUT THIS SET\
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The signs symbols within this brush set have been extracted from (and yes, this is its real name) \'93A Map of the British Empire in America with the French and Spanish Settlements adjacent thereto\'94 by Henry Popple\'97an 18th Century map that details the British Colonies in America in 1746. There\'92s a fresh approach to maps here that will work perfect for any fantasy map\'97plus it has swamps! As we learned from Tolkien, every fantasy map is incomplete unless they feature a few swamps.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Thanks for download this brush set and I hope you find them useful.\
\
More details on this set and other brushes can be found at: kmalexander.com\
\
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - \
BRUSH LICENSE\
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - \
\
This brush set is free for any use for any project and is distributed with a Creative Commons CC0 \'93No Rights Reserved,\'94 that means you can freely use it in commercial work and distribute adaptations, and no attribution is required. Have some fun.\
\
To view a copy of this license, visit: https://creativecommons.org/share-your-work/public-domain/cc0/\
\
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - \
SUPPORT THIS WORK\
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - \
\
Brushes and tools released through the #NoBadMaps project will always be free and released under a public domain CC0 license. If you\'92d like to support the project and help me cover the cost of hosting, research, and tool-set development, I\'92ve put together three ways you can help, and all are detailed below.\
\
BUY MY BOOKS\
https://kmalx.co/BFC_AMZ\
I\'92m not just a map enthusiast. I\'92m also a novelist! The easiest way to support me (and get something in return) is by purchasing one of my cosmic horror urban fantasy novels.\
\
BUY ME A COFFEE\
https://ko-fi.com/kmalexander\
A simple and quick way to support the #NoBadMaps project is through a one-time donation of any amount via ko-fi. Your support helps keep this project going and is appreciated.\
\
JOIN MY PATREON\
https://www.patreon.com/nobadmaps\
If you want to continually support the #NoBadMaps project through a reoccurring monthly contribution, consider joining my Patreon and get sneak peeks into what\'92s coming.\
\
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - \
CONTACT ME\
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - \
\
Contact me at:		kmalexander.com\
Follow me on Twitter:	@km_alexander\
\
Happy Mapping! Enjoy!\
\
- K. M. Alexander}